abandon|từ bỏ
acknowledge|thừa nhận
acquire|đạt được
allocate|phân bổ
anticipate|dự đoán
assert|khẳng định
assess|đánh giá
beneficial|có lợi
cease|ngừng
clarify|làm rõ
coherent|mạch lạc
collapse|sụp đổ
compile|biên soạn
comprehensive|toàn diện
conceive|hình dung
conduct|thực hiện
confer|bàn bạc
confine|giam giữ
consequently|do đó
considerable|đáng kể
contemplate|suy ngẫm
contradict|mâu thuẫn
crucial|cốt yếu
derive|xuất phát từ
emerge|xuất hiện
enhance|nâng cao
ensure|đảm bảo
establish|thiết lập
evaluate|đánh giá
evolve|phát triển
abandon|từ bỏ
acknowledge|thừa nhận
acquire|đạt được
allocate|phân bổ
anticipate|dự đoán
assert|khẳng định
assess|đánh giá
beneficial|có lợi
cease|ngừng
clarify|làm rõ
coherent|mạch lạc
collapse|sụp đổ
compile|biên soạn
comprehensive|toàn diện
conceive|hình dung
conduct|thực hiện
confer|bàn bạc
confine|giam giữ
consequently|do đó
considerable|đáng kể
contemplate|suy ngẫm
contradict|mâu thuẫn
crucial|cốt yếu
derive|xuất phát từ
emerge|xuất hiện
enhance|nâng cao
ensure|đảm bảo
establish|thiết lập
evaluate|đánh giá
evolve|phát triển
abandon|từ bỏ
acknowledge|thừa nhận
acquire|đạt được
allocate|phân bổ
anticipate|dự đoán
assert|khẳng định
assess|đánh giá
beneficial|có lợi
cease|ngừng
clarify|làm rõ
coherent|mạch lạc
collapse|sụp đổ
compile|biên soạn
comprehensive|toàn diện
conceive|hình dung
conduct|thực hiện
confer|bàn bạc
confine|giam giữ
consequently|do đó
considerable|đáng kể
contemplate|suy ngẫm
contradict|mâu thuẫn
crucial|cốt yếu
derive|xuất phát từ
emerge|xuất hiện
enhance|nâng cao
ensure|đảm bảo
establish|thiết lập
evaluate|đánh giá
evolve|phát triển
abandon|từ bỏ
acknowledge|thừa nhận
acquire|đạt được
allocate|phân bổ
anticipate|dự đoán
assert|khẳng định
assess|đánh giá
beneficial|có lợi
cease|ngừng
clarify|làm rõ
coherent|mạch lạc
collapse|sụp đổ
compile|biên soạn
comprehensive|toàn diện
conceive|hình dung
conduct|thực hiện
confer|bàn bạc
confine|giam giữ
consequently|do đó
considerable|đáng kể
contemplate|suy ngẫm
contradict|mâu thuẫn
crucial|cốt yếu
derive|xuất phát từ
emerge|xuất hiện
enhance|nâng cao
ensure|đảm bảo
establish|thiết lập
evaluate|đánh giá
evolve|phát triển
abandon|từ bỏ
acknowledge|thừa nhận
acquire|đạt được
allocate|phân bổ
anticipate|dự đoán
assert|khẳng định
assess|đánh giá
beneficial|có lợi
cease|ngừng
clarify|làm rõ
coherent|mạch lạc
collapse|sụp đổ
compile|biên soạn
comprehensive|toàn diện
conceive|hình dung
conduct|thực hiện
confer|bàn bạc
confine|giam giữ
consequently|do đó
considerable|đáng kể
contemplate|suy ngẫm
contradict|mâu thuẫn
crucial|cốt yếu
derive|xuất phát từ
emerge|xuất hiện
enhance|nâng cao
ensure|đảm bảo
establish|thiết lập
evaluate|đánh giá
evolve|phát triển
abandon|từ bỏ
acknowledge|thừa nhận
acquire|đạt được
allocate|phân bổ
anticipate|dự đoán
assert|khẳng định
assess|đánh giá
beneficial|có lợi
cease|ngừng
clarify|làm rõ
coherent|mạch lạc
collapse|sụp đổ
compile|biên soạn
comprehensive|toàn diện
conceive|hình dung
conduct|thực hiện
confer|bàn bạc
confine|giam giữ
consequently|do đó
considerable|đáng kể
contemplate|suy ngẫm
contradict|mâu thuẫn
crucial|cốt yếu
derive|xuất phát từ
emerge|xuất hiện
enhance|nâng cao
ensure|đảm bảo
establish|thiết lập
evaluate|đánh giá
evolve|phát triển
abandon|từ bỏ
acknowledge|thừa nhận
acquire|đạt được
allocate|phân bổ
anticipate|dự đoán
assert|khẳng định
assess|đánh giá
beneficial|có lợi
cease|ngừng
clarify|làm rõ
coherent|mạch lạc
collapse|sụp đổ
compile|biên soạn
comprehensive|toàn diện
conceive|hình dung
conduct|thực hiện
confer|bàn bạc
confine|giam giữ
consequently|do đó
considerable|đáng kể
contemplate|suy ngẫm
contradict|mâu thuẫn
crucial|cốt yếu
derive|xuất phát từ
emerge|xuất hiện
enhance|nâng cao
ensure|đảm bảo
establish|thiết lập
evaluate|đánh giá
evolve|phát triển
abandon|từ bỏ
acknowledge|thừa nhận
acquire|đạt được
allocate|phân bổ
anticipate|dự đoán
assert|khẳng định
assess|đánh giá
beneficial|có lợi
cease|ngừng
clarify|làm rõ
coherent|mạch lạc
collapse|sụp đổ
compile|biên soạn
comprehensive|toàn diện
conceive|hình dung
conduct|thực hiện
confer|bàn bạc
confine|giam giữ
consequently|do đó
considerable|đáng kể
contemplate|suy ngẫm
contradict|mâu thuẫn
crucial|cốt yếu
derive|xuất phát từ
emerge|xuất hiện
enhance|nâng cao
ensure|đảm bảo
establish|thiết lập
evaluate|đánh giá
evolve|phát triển
abandon|từ bỏ
acknowledge|thừa nhận
acquire|đạt được
allocate|phân bổ
anticipate|dự đoán
assert|khẳng định
assess|đánh giá
beneficial|có lợi
cease|ngừng
clarify|làm rõ
coherent|mạch lạc
collapse|sụp đổ
compile|biên soạn
comprehensive|toàn diện
conceive|hình dung
conduct|thực hiện
confer|bàn bạc
confine|giam giữ
consequently|do đó
considerable|đáng kể
contemplate|suy ngẫm
contradict|mâu thuẫn
crucial|cốt yếu
derive|xuất phát từ
emerge|xuất hiện
enhance|nâng cao
ensure|đảm bảo
establish|thiết lập
evaluate|đánh giá
evolve|phát triển
abandon|từ bỏ
acknowledge|thừa nhận
acquire|đạt được
allocate|phân bổ
anticipate|dự đoán
assert|khẳng định
assess|đánh giá
beneficial|có lợi
cease|ngừng
clarify|làm rõ
coherent|mạch lạc
collapse|sụp đổ
compile|biên soạn
comprehensive|toàn diện
conceive|hình dung
conduct|thực hiện
confer|bàn bạc
confine|giam giữ
consequently|do đó
considerable|đáng kể
contemplate|suy ngẫm
contradict|mâu thuẫn
crucial|cốt yếu
derive|xuất phát từ
emerge|xuất hiện
enhance|nâng cao
ensure|đảm bảo
establish|thiết lập
evaluate|đánh giá
evolve|phát triển
abandon|từ bỏ
acknowledge|thừa nhận
acquire|đạt được
allocate|phân bổ
anticipate|dự đoán
assert|khẳng định
assess|đánh giá
beneficial|có lợi
cease|ngừng
clarify|làm rõ
coherent|mạch lạc
collapse|sụp đổ
compile|biên soạn
comprehensive|toàn diện
conceive|hình dung
conduct|thực hiện
confer|bàn bạc
confine|giam giữ
consequently|do đó
considerable|đáng kể
contemplate|suy ngẫm
contradict|mâu thuẫn
crucial|cốt yếu
derive|xuất phát từ
emerge|xuất hiện
enhance|nâng cao
ensure|đảm bảo
establish|thiết lập
evaluate|đánh giá
evolve|phát triển
abandon|từ bỏ
acknowledge|thừa nhận
acquire|đạt được
allocate|phân bổ
anticipate|dự đoán
assert|khẳng định
assess|đánh giá
beneficial|có lợi
cease|ngừng
clarify|làm rõ
coherent|mạch lạc
collapse|sụp đổ
compile|biên soạn
comprehensive|toàn diện
conceive|hình dung
conduct|thực hiện
confer|bàn bạc
confine|giam giữ
consequently|do đó
considerable|đáng kể
contemplate|suy ngẫm
contradict|mâu thuẫn
crucial|cốt yếu
derive|xuất phát từ
emerge|xuất hiện
enhance|nâng cao
ensure|đảm bảo
establish|thiết lập
evaluate|đánh giá
evolve|phát triển
abandon|từ bỏ
acknowledge|thừa nhận
acquire|đạt được
allocate|phân bổ
anticipate|dự đoán
assert|khẳng định
assess|đánh giá
beneficial|có lợi
cease|ngừng
clarify|làm rõ
coherent|mạch lạc
collapse|sụp đổ
compile|biên soạn
comprehensive|toàn diện
conceive|hình dung
conduct|thực hiện
confer|bàn bạc
confine|giam giữ
consequently|do đó
considerable|đáng kể
contemplate|suy ngẫm
contradict|mâu thuẫn
crucial|cốt yếu
derive|xuất phát từ
emerge|xuất hiện
enhance|nâng cao
ensure|đảm bảo
establish|thiết lập
evaluate|đánh giá
evolve|phát triển
abandon|từ bỏ
acknowledge|thừa nhận
acquire|đạt được
allocate|phân bổ
anticipate|dự đoán
assert|khẳng định
assess|đánh giá
beneficial|có lợi
cease|ngừng
clarify|làm rõ
coherent|mạch lạc
collapse|sụp đổ
compile|biên soạn
comprehensive|toàn diện
conceive|hình dung
conduct|thực hiện
confer|bàn bạc
confine|giam giữ
consequently|do đó
considerable|đáng kể
contemplate|suy ngẫm
contradict|mâu thuẫn
crucial|cốt yếu
derive|xuất phát từ
emerge|xuất hiện
enhance|nâng cao
ensure|đảm bảo
establish|thiết lập
evaluate|đánh giá
evolve|phát triển
abandon|từ bỏ
acknowledge|thừa nhận
acquire|đạt được
allocate|phân bổ
anticipate|dự đoán
assert|khẳng định
assess|đánh giá
beneficial|có lợi
cease|ngừng
clarify|làm rõ
coherent|mạch lạc
collapse|sụp đổ
compile|biên soạn
comprehensive|toàn diện
conceive|hình dung
conduct|thực hiện
confer|bàn bạc
confine|giam giữ
consequently|do đó
considerable|đáng kể
contemplate|suy ngẫm
contradict|mâu thuẫn
crucial|cốt yếu
derive|xuất phát từ
emerge|xuất hiện
enhance|nâng cao
ensure|đảm bảo
establish|thiết lập
evaluate|đánh giá
evolve|phát triển
abandon|từ bỏ
acknowledge|thừa nhận
acquire|đạt được
allocate|phân bổ
anticipate|dự đoán
assert|khẳng định
assess|đánh giá
beneficial|có lợi
cease|ngừng
clarify|làm rõ
coherent|mạch lạc
collapse|sụp đổ
compile|biên soạn
comprehensive|toàn diện
conceive|hình dung
conduct|thực hiện
confer|bàn bạc
confine|giam giữ
consequently|do đó
considerable|đáng kể
contemplate|suy ngẫm
contradict|mâu thuẫn
crucial|cốt yếu
derive|xuất phát từ
emerge|xuất hiện
enhance|nâng cao
ensure|đảm bảo
establish|thiết lập
evaluate|đánh giá
evolve|phát triển
abandon|từ bỏ
acknowledge|thừa nhận
acquire|đạt được
allocate|phân bổ
anticipate|dự đoán
assert|khẳng định
assess|đánh giá
beneficial|có lợi
cease|ngừng
clarify|làm rõ
coherent|mạch lạc
collapse|sụp đổ
compile|biên soạn
comprehensive|toàn diện
conceive|hình dung
conduct|thực hiện
confer|bàn bạc
confine|giam giữ
consequently|do đó
considerable|đáng kể
contemplate|suy ngẫm
contradict|mâu thuẫn
crucial|cốt yếu
derive|xuất phát từ
emerge|xuất hiện
enhance|nâng cao
ensure|đảm bảo
establish|thiết lập
evaluate|đánh giá
evolve|phát triển
abandon|từ bỏ
acknowledge|thừa nhận
acquire|đạt được
allocate|phân bổ
anticipate|dự đoán
assert|khẳng định
assess|đánh giá
beneficial|có lợi
cease|ngừng
clarify|làm rõ
coherent|mạch lạc
collapse|sụp đổ
compile|biên soạn
comprehensive|toàn diện
conceive|hình dung
conduct|thực hiện
confer|bàn bạc
confine|giam giữ
consequently|do đó
considerable|đáng kể
contemplate|suy ngẫm
contradict|mâu thuẫn
crucial|cốt yếu
derive|xuất phát từ
emerge|xuất hiện
enhance|nâng cao
ensure|đảm bảo
establish|thiết lập
evaluate|đánh giá
evolve|phát triển
abandon|từ bỏ
acknowledge|thừa nhận
acquire|đạt được
allocate|phân bổ
anticipate|dự đoán
assert|khẳng định
assess|đánh giá
beneficial|có lợi
cease|ngừng
clarify|làm rõ
coherent|mạch lạc
collapse|sụp đổ
compile|biên soạn
comprehensive|toàn diện
conceive|hình dung
conduct|thực hiện
confer|bàn bạc
confine|giam giữ
consequently|do đó
considerable|đáng kể
contemplate|suy ngẫm
contradict|mâu thuẫn
crucial|cốt yếu
derive|xuất phát từ
emerge|xuất hiện
enhance|nâng cao
ensure|đảm bảo
establish|thiết lập
evaluate|đánh giá
evolve|phát triển
abandon|từ bỏ
acknowledge|thừa nhận
acquire|đạt được
allocate|phân bổ
anticipate|dự đoán
assert|khẳng định
assess|đánh giá
beneficial|có lợi
cease|ngừng
clarify|làm rõ
coherent|mạch lạc
collapse|sụp đổ
compile|biên soạn
comprehensive|toàn diện
conceive|hình dung
conduct|thực hiện
confer|bàn bạc
confine|giam giữ
consequently|do đó
considerable|đáng kể
contemplate|suy ngẫm
contradict|mâu thuẫn
crucial|cốt yếu
derive|xuất phát từ
emerge|xuất hiện
enhance|nâng cao
ensure|đảm bảo
establish|thiết lập
evaluate|đánh giá
evolve|phát triển
abandon|từ bỏ
acknowledge|thừa nhận
acquire|đạt được
allocate|phân bổ
anticipate|dự đoán
assert|khẳng định
assess|đánh giá
beneficial|có lợi
cease|ngừng
clarify|làm rõ
coherent|mạch lạc
collapse|sụp đổ
compile|biên soạn
comprehensive|toàn diện
conceive|hình dung
conduct|thực hiện
confer|bàn bạc
confine|giam giữ
consequently|do đó
considerable|đáng kể
contemplate|suy ngẫm
contradict|mâu thuẫn
crucial|cốt yếu
derive|xuất phát từ
emerge|xuất hiện
enhance|nâng cao
ensure|đảm bảo
establish|thiết lập
evaluate|đánh giá
evolve|phát triển
abandon|từ bỏ
acknowledge|thừa nhận
acquire|đạt được
allocate|phân bổ
anticipate|dự đoán
assert|khẳng định
assess|đánh giá
beneficial|có lợi
cease|ngừng
clarify|làm rõ
coherent|mạch lạc
collapse|sụp đổ
compile|biên soạn
comprehensive|toàn diện
conceive|hình dung
conduct|thực hiện
confer|bàn bạc
confine|giam giữ
consequently|do đó
considerable|đáng kể
contemplate|suy ngẫm
contradict|mâu thuẫn
crucial|cốt yếu
derive|xuất phát từ
emerge|xuất hiện
enhance|nâng cao
ensure|đảm bảo
establish|thiết lập
evaluate|đánh giá
evolve|phát triển
abandon|từ bỏ
acknowledge|thừa nhận
acquire|đạt được
allocate|phân bổ
anticipate|dự đoán
assert|khẳng định
assess|đánh giá
beneficial|có lợi
cease|ngừng
clarify|làm rõ
coherent|mạch lạc
collapse|sụp đổ
compile|biên soạn
comprehensive|toàn diện
conceive|hình dung
conduct|thực hiện
confer|bàn bạc
confine|giam giữ
consequently|do đó
considerable|đáng kể
contemplate|suy ngẫm
contradict|mâu thuẫn
crucial|cốt yếu
derive|xuất phát từ
emerge|xuất hiện
enhance|nâng cao
ensure|đảm bảo
establish|thiết lập
evaluate|đánh giá
evolve|phát triển
abandon|từ bỏ
acknowledge|thừa nhận
acquire|đạt được
allocate|phân bổ
anticipate|dự đoán
assert|khẳng định
assess|đánh giá
beneficial|có lợi
cease|ngừng
clarify|làm rõ
coherent|mạch lạc
collapse|sụp đổ
compile|biên soạn
comprehensive|toàn diện
conceive|hình dung
conduct|thực hiện
confer|bàn bạc
confine|giam giữ
consequently|do đó
considerable|đáng kể
contemplate|suy ngẫm
contradict|mâu thuẫn
crucial|cốt yếu
derive|xuất phát từ
emerge|xuất hiện
enhance|nâng cao
ensure|đảm bảo
establish|thiết lập
evaluate|đánh giá
evolve|phát triển
abandon|từ bỏ
acknowledge|thừa nhận
acquire|đạt được
allocate|phân bổ
anticipate|dự đoán
assert|khẳng định
assess|đánh giá
beneficial|có lợi
cease|ngừng
clarify|làm rõ
coherent|mạch lạc
collapse|sụp đổ
compile|biên soạn
comprehensive|toàn diện
conceive|hình dung
conduct|thực hiện
confer|bàn bạc
confine|giam giữ
consequently|do đó
considerable|đáng kể
contemplate|suy ngẫm
contradict|mâu thuẫn
crucial|cốt yếu
derive|xuất phát từ
emerge|xuất hiện
enhance|nâng cao
ensure|đảm bảo
establish|thiết lập
evaluate|đánh giá
evolve|phát triển
abandon|từ bỏ
acknowledge|thừa nhận
acquire|đạt được
allocate|phân bổ
anticipate|dự đoán
assert|khẳng định
assess|đánh giá
beneficial|có lợi
cease|ngừng
clarify|làm rõ
coherent|mạch lạc
collapse|sụp đổ
compile|biên soạn
comprehensive|toàn diện
conceive|hình dung
conduct|thực hiện
confer|bàn bạc
confine|giam giữ
consequently|do đó
considerable|đáng kể
contemplate|suy ngẫm
contradict|mâu thuẫn
crucial|cốt yếu
derive|xuất phát từ
emerge|xuất hiện
enhance|nâng cao
ensure|đảm bảo
establish|thiết lập
evaluate|đánh giá
evolve|phát triển
abandon|từ bỏ
acknowledge|thừa nhận
acquire|đạt được
allocate|phân bổ
anticipate|dự đoán
assert|khẳng định
assess|đánh giá
beneficial|có lợi
cease|ngừng
clarify|làm rõ
coherent|mạch lạc
collapse|sụp đổ
compile|biên soạn
comprehensive|toàn diện
conceive|hình dung
conduct|thực hiện
confer|bàn bạc
confine|giam giữ
consequently|do đó
considerable|đáng kể
contemplate|suy ngẫm
contradict|mâu thuẫn
crucial|cốt yếu
derive|xuất phát từ
emerge|xuất hiện
enhance|nâng cao
ensure|đảm bảo
establish|thiết lập
evaluate|đánh giá
evolve|phát triển
abandon|từ bỏ
acknowledge|thừa nhận
acquire|đạt được
allocate|phân bổ
anticipate|dự đoán
assert|khẳng định
assess|đánh giá
beneficial|có lợi
cease|ngừng
clarify|làm rõ
coherent|mạch lạc
collapse|sụp đổ
compile|biên soạn
comprehensive|toàn diện
conceive|hình dung
conduct|thực hiện
confer|bàn bạc
confine|giam giữ
consequently|do đó
considerable|đáng kể
contemplate|suy ngẫm
contradict|mâu thuẫn
crucial|cốt yếu
derive|xuất phát từ
emerge|xuất hiện
enhance|nâng cao
ensure|đảm bảo
establish|thiết lập
evaluate|đánh giá
evolve|phát triển
abandon|từ bỏ
acknowledge|thừa nhận
acquire|đạt được
allocate|phân bổ
anticipate|dự đoán
assert|khẳng định
assess|đánh giá
beneficial|có lợi
cease|ngừng
clarify|làm rõ
coherent|mạch lạc
collapse|sụp đổ
compile|biên soạn
comprehensive|toàn diện
conceive|hình dung
conduct|thực hiện
confer|bàn bạc
confine|giam giữ
consequently|do đó
considerable|đáng kể
contemplate|suy ngẫm
contradict|mâu thuẫn
crucial|cốt yếu
derive|xuất phát từ
emerge|xuất hiện
enhance|nâng cao
ensure|đảm bảo
establish|thiết lập
evaluate|đánh giá
evolve|phát triển
abandon|từ bỏ
acknowledge|thừa nhận
acquire|đạt được
allocate|phân bổ
anticipate|dự đoán
assert|khẳng định
assess|đánh giá
beneficial|có lợi
cease|ngừng
clarify|làm rõ
coherent|mạch lạc
collapse|sụp đổ
compile|biên soạn
comprehensive|toàn diện
conceive|hình dung
conduct|thực hiện
confer|bàn bạc
confine|giam giữ
consequently|do đó
considerable|đáng kể
contemplate|suy ngẫm
contradict|mâu thuẫn
crucial|cốt yếu
derive|xuất phát từ
emerge|xuất hiện
enhance|nâng cao
ensure|đảm bảo
establish|thiết lập
evaluate|đánh giá
evolve|phát triển
abandon|từ bỏ
acknowledge|thừa nhận
acquire|đạt được
allocate|phân bổ
anticipate|dự đoán
assert|khẳng định
assess|đánh giá
beneficial|có lợi
cease|ngừng
clarify|làm rõ
coherent|mạch lạc
collapse|sụp đổ
compile|biên soạn
comprehensive|toàn diện
conceive|hình dung
conduct|thực hiện
confer|bàn bạc
confine|giam giữ
consequently|do đó
considerable|đáng kể
contemplate|suy ngẫm
contradict|mâu thuẫn
crucial|cốt yếu
derive|xuất phát từ
emerge|xuất hiện
enhance|nâng cao
ensure|đảm bảo
establish|thiết lập
evaluate|đánh giá
evolve|phát triển
abandon|từ bỏ
acknowledge|thừa nhận
acquire|đạt được
allocate|phân bổ
anticipate|dự đoán
assert|khẳng định
assess|đánh giá
beneficial|có lợi
cease|ngừng
clarify|làm rõ
coherent|mạch lạc
collapse|sụp đổ
compile|biên soạn
comprehensive|toàn diện
conceive|hình dung
conduct|thực hiện
confer|bàn bạc
confine|giam giữ
consequently|do đó
considerable|đáng kể
contemplate|suy ngẫm
contradict|mâu thuẫn
crucial|cốt yếu
derive|xuất phát từ
emerge|xuất hiện
enhance|nâng cao
ensure|đảm bảo
establish|thiết lập
evaluate|đánh giá
evolve|phát triển
abandon|từ bỏ
acknowledge|thừa nhận
acquire|đạt được
allocate|phân bổ
anticipate|dự đoán
assert|khẳng định
assess|đánh giá
beneficial|có lợi
cease|ngừng
clarify|làm rõ
coherent|mạch lạc
collapse|sụp đổ
compile|biên soạn
comprehensive|toàn diện
conceive|hình dung
conduct|thực hiện
confer|bàn bạc
confine|giam giữ
consequently|do đó
considerable|đáng kể
contemplate|suy ngẫm
contradict|mâu thuẫn
crucial|cốt yếu
derive|xuất phát từ
emerge|xuất hiện
enhance|nâng cao
ensure|đảm bảo
establish|thiết lập
evaluate|đánh giá
evolve|phát triển
abandon|từ bỏ
acknowledge|thừa nhận
acquire|đạt được
allocate|phân bổ
anticipate|dự đoán
assert|khẳng định
assess|đánh giá
beneficial|có lợi
cease|ngừng
clarify|làm rõ
